Update Common Errors list index.md (#366)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/errors/index.md

| --- | --- |
| [ERR\_NGROK\_100](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_100) | Invalid metadata length |
| [ERR\_NGROK\_108](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_108) | You've hit your account limit for simultaneous ngrok agent sessions. Try stopping an existing agent or upgrading your account. |

> | [ERR\_NGROK\_120](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_120) | Your ngrok agent version "<VERSION>" is no longer supported. Only the most recent version of the ngrok agent is supported without an account. Update to a newer version with `ngrok update` or by downloading from https://ngrok.com/download. Sign up for an account to avoid forced version upgrades: https://ngrok.com/signup. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [ERR\_NGROK\_120](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_120) | Your ngrok agent version "\<VERSION\>" is no longer supported. Only the most recent version of the ngrok agent is supported without an account. Update to a newer version with `ngrok update` or by downloading from https://ngrok.com/download. Sign up for an account to avoid forced version upgrades: https://ngrok.com/signup. |
```

| [ERR\_NGROK\_3208](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_3208) | The account associated with this hostname has been banned.We've determined this account to be in violation of ngrok's terms of service.If you are the account owner and believe this is a mistake, please contact support@ngrok.com.|
| [ERR\_NGROK\_4011](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_4011) | Your password must be at least 10 characters. |
| [ERR\_NGROK\_4013](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_4013) | You may not create a new account because you are already a member of a free account. Upgrade or delete that account first before creating a new account. |
| [ERR\_NGROK\_4100](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_4100) | The email or password you entered is not valid. |
| [ERR\_NGROK\_4101](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_4101) | A user with the email address already exists. |
| [ERR\_NGROK\_4108](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_4108) | Sign ups are disallowed for the email provider. Please sign up with a different email provider. |
| [ERR\_NGROK\_6022](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_6022) | Before you can serve HTML content, you must sign up for an ngrok account and install your authtoken. |

> | [ERR\_NGROK\_6024](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_6024) | You are about to visit <HOSTPORT>, served by <SERVINGIP>. This website is served for free through ngrok.com. You should only visit this website if you trust whoever sent the link to you. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [ERR\_NGROK\_6024](/docs/errors/err_ngrok_6024) | You are about to visit \<HOSTPORT\>, served by \<SERVING_IP\>. This website is served for free through ngrok.com. You should only visit this website if you trust whoever sent the link to you. |
```
